Rephrase schedule and unschedule test cases (#330)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

4. *Command Box* is cleared.

**Alternative Test Cases:**
- `schedule 2 s/12-12-2024T16:00 e/12-12-2024T17:00`.
- `schedule 3 s/12-12-2024T16:00 e/12-12-2024T17:00 mr/Meeting @ House`.

#### Scheduling a meeting with a person which starts today successfully

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.
2. No person in the list has any scheduled meeting.
3. **The provided meeting start date must be the same as the system's current date**

**Example test case:** `schedule 1 s/12-12-2024T12:00 e/12-12-2024T14:00`.

**Expected Result:**
1. The meeting details of the specified person is updated with the provided meeting date and time.
2. *Person List* updates the list of contact with the person with details of the meeting.
3. *Today’s Meeting List* shows the list of today’s meetings with the specified person.
4. *Command Result Box* outputs a successful execution message with the details of the meeting with the specified person.
5. *Command Box* is cleared.

#### Scheduling a meeting with a person who has a scheduled meeting

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.

> 3. All persons in the list has a scheduled meeting.

Reviewer: Just a nit but I think we should use proper ordering although jekyll will render the numbering correctly for us?

> 3. All persons in the list has a scheduled meeting.

Reviewer 2: Just a small nit, has should be have since persons is plural.
```suggestion
3. All persons in the list have a scheduled meeting.
```

1. Meeting is **not scheduled** for any person.
2. Input in the *Command Box* remains and turns red.
3. Error details are stated in the *Command Result Box*.

**Alternative Test Cases:**
- `schedule 5`.
- `schedule 1 s/23-01-2024T13:00 e/23-01-2024T14:00`.
- `schedule 1 s/23/04/2024 16:00 e/23/04/2024 17:00`.
- `schedule 1 s/23-12-2024T16:00 e/23-12-2024T17:00 mr/Prefers to meet at home/zoom.`
- `schedule 1 s/31-01-2024T16:00 e/20-01-2024T17:00`.

### Unscheduling a meeting with a person

#### Unscheduling a meeting with a person successfully

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.
2. All persons in the list has a scheduled meeting.

**Example test case:** `unschedule 5`.

**Expected Result:**
1. The meeting detail is deleted for the specified person.
2. *Person List* updates the list of contact with the person with no meeting.
3. *Command Result Box* outputs a successful execution message with the name of the specified person.
4. *Command Box* is cleared.

#### Unscheduling a meeting today successfully

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.

> 2. All person in the list has a scheduled meeting.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

```suggestion
2. All persons in the list have a scheduled meeting.
```

**Expected Result:**
1. No person in the contact list is modified.
2. Input in the *Command Box* remains and turns red.
3. Error details are stated in the *Command Result Box*.

#### Invalid value or command format used for unscheduling a meeting

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. Multiple persons are in the list (less than 100).

**Example test case:** `unschedule`.

**Expected Result:**
1. No person in the contact list is modified.
2. Input in the *Command Box* remains and turns red.
3. Error details are stated in the *Command Result Box*.

**Alternative Test Cases:**
- `unschedule 0`.
- `unschedule 100000`.
- `unschedule1`.

### Rescheduling a meeting

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** The following test
    cases are based on the assumption that the current system datetime is before 20th June 2024.
    If the current system datetime is after 20th June 2024, the year of the input datetimes must be set to a future year.
</div>

#### Rescheduling a meeting successfully

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.

> 2. First three person in the displayed list has scheduled meetings.

Reviewer 2: For standardization with the comments above:

```suggestion
2. First three persons in the displayed list have scheduled meetings.
```
